docs: DOC-1707: RHEL Credentials No Longer Needed for Airgap Envs with CAPI Version 4.6.0 (#5974)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/byoos/capi-image-builder/build-image-vmware/airgap-build/rhel-capi-airgap.md

    includes specifying the OS type, Kubernetes version, whether the image should be FIPS compliant, and more.

    Use the example configuration below for building a RHEL 8 CAPI image in an airgapped environment. Replace
    `<rhel-subscription-email>` and `<rhel-subscription-password>` with your RHEL subscription credentials if the

>     version of your CAPI Image Builder is pre-`4.6.0`. Replace `<iso-checksum>` with the RHEL ISO checksum. Update the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    version of your CAPI Image Builder is older than `4.6.0`. Replace `<iso-checksum>` with the RHEL ISO checksum. Update the
```
maybe? :)

Author: Hm... Not "older than" because we need to include 4.6.0. "Is version 4.6.0 or older" works though :) I will change that!

        docker images
        ```
        ```text hideClipboard
        REPOSITORY                                                          TAG         IMAGE ID      CREATED       SIZE
        us-docker.pkg.dev/palette-images/palette/imagebuilder/capi-builder  v4.6.0      d27849b14d5d  10 days ago   2.66 GB

>         gcr.io/spectro-images-public/imagebuilder/yum-repo                  v1.0.0      b03879039936  6 weeks ago   603 MB

Reviewer: Just to confirm: are we going to keep the old registry for the yum repo? :)
